English localization 

Name: Baby Diary: Sleep Diary

Keywords: baby, diary, sleep, day, night, statistics, mother

Short Description: App designed by busy parents for busy parents!

Description: And finally, sleep advice, expert advice, and a handy tracker for kids, all in one app. Regardless of your sleep situation, a sleep diary can help.
”Baby Diary: Sleep Diary” app designed by busy parents for busy parents!
The simple interface acts like your second brain to keep track of feedings, events and of course sleep!

SEE WHY MOST PARENTS LOVE THE SLEEP DIARY

An application for parents who want to improve their baby's sleep pattern and solve the problem of sleepless nights. Baby Diary allows you to:
📝Save your baby's dreams.
📈Calculate wakefulness between dreams.
📊Give tips on how to comply with sleep norms, as well as add your own norms.
✒️Add additional information to dreams like tags, dream locations and comments.
📌 Mark the events that happened to your baby during the day.
📉Calculate multiple amount of statistical information.

Additional features:
👶Multiple toddler support.
📊Several types of charts and graphs for easy data analysis.
🧮Time calculator.
🗃️Backup so that in case of a device replacement, your data is preserved.
⏰Create reminders that will not let you forget that it's time to put (wake up) the baby.
📋Create an Excel document for statistics to share with a consultant.
💸Full functionality in the free version.
🕶️Dark theme.

Caring for a baby in the first year of a baby's life can be challenging, tiring and challenging, especially for first-time parents.
The birth of a child changes everything, a baby or baby becomes the center of the life of parents and especially mothers.
A newborn baby needs the most basic things for the first few months, his life revolves around the schedule of meals, sleep and random or planned events.
It can be difficult to remember the last time you changed a diaper or fed your baby. The Baby Diary application helps to do everything on time and not miss important events in the child's life, set up and set the daily routine for the baby.
Use reminders to remember that it's time to wake up the baby, keep track of the baby's sleep and feeding, give the saved time to the baby's development.
The tracker will give you peace of mind and will greatly facilitate the life of a nursing mother, because the sleep diary will always be at hand. Your child or your children will receive the care and attention they need.
The application is simple and convenient to use, baby care becomes easy. Just press the right button when your baby is hungry and you start feeding or when you put your baby to bed.
The entire history of your child care will be safe and close access so that you can show the necessary information to your pediatrician or use it to adjust the daily routine and development of the child.
Send us your comments and suggestions! We want to make the application as convenient and useful as possible.

With our baby tracker, you can take care of your baby, easily sticking to the schedule.
All information in the application is provided based on the recommendation of The American Academy of Sleep Medicine.

Support:
We provide email support for any questions you may have.

***** IF YOU LIKE THE PROGRAM, GIVE US A GOOD RATE! Increase
The popularity of “Baby Diary: Sleep Diary” definitely contributes to the motivation to add more functionality! Thanks in advance!

”The Baby Diary: Sleep Diary” app is not intended for medical use and does not replace the advice of a qualified physician.
If you are concerned about your health or the health of your child, consult your doctor, pediatrician, or other qualified healthcare professional immediately.